What decisions or assumptions did you make about how to design your program?

	Originally, I thought that my program would have most of the 
	functions in maze level and I would store all of the information
	as an array in maze level for example, student_row/student_col, 
	TA1_row/TA1_col, etc. However, I realized that this wasn't very
	efficient because I would not be utilizing the classes and their 
	behaviors. If I did this, I would have to be more careful about
	changing the variables, but the classes make it much more organize.
	That was the largest assumption I had during the design that I had
	to change. Other than that, It was mainly just following the guidelines
	and organizing the specific rules.

What was your test plan for your program?
	
	My process of working through my design was to start with Mazelevel and 
	create the mazelevels, and then add in the people, and then the rules for 
	the game. I thought this was the best plan because it broke it down into 
	smaller steps. During the actual process, I didn't realize how difficult 
	it was to do this, and some of the steps took a very long time. For example,
	for reading in data and printing it out as an abstract array, I broke it down
	into reading it in, test-printing it, assigning classes, and then printing 
	through abstract classes. This process took me a few hours, but I was eventually 
	able to finish it. My test plan was to break the entire program into mainly small
	steps, but the overall idea was to create maze levels, put it in the maze, add people,
	and then the rules for the game.

How did your testing work out? What bugs did you uncover through your testing?
How did you fix those bugs?

	There were two main bugs that arose in my testing. The first one occured in the
	infile of the data. I wasn't able to bypass the endline character, but the after
	looking on piazza, I found out that get simply bypasses it. After that, it was 
	really easy to readin in the data. My second issue was redeclaration in my constructor.
	I basically redeclared my mazelocation *** again in my constructor and it gave me a
	segfault due to a scoping issue.

What problems or obstacles did you run into while you were developing your program?
How did you resolve these?
	
	There weren't any major issues other than the redeclaration of variables and the 
	endline characters. The only other difficulty during the program was keeping track of
	the array. Since the people are constantly moving throughout the program, it is really 
	easy to lose track of where they are. So when I was coding, it was critical that I
	made sure that those characters always stayed in the array in order to avoid a 
	seg fault. In addition to being meticulous about the array, the other major difficulty was
	keeping track of the organization of classes. I think that this was the largest game that
	we created and it involved classes that interacted with each other in many different ways.
	It was a lot easier to picture their interaction if I drew it out on a piece of paper.

What resources were useful to you in solving problems you ran into? Were there helpful websites
or Stack Overflow posts? What did you get from the TAs and/or instructor? Were specific parts of the
course note helpful?

	I thought that the notes were helpful for the infile part because it told us different ways to 
	use the infile and read in things. I also got help from the instructor in finding out why my program
	was segfaulting in the beginning. I spent a lot of time trying to find it, but wasn't able to until 
	Professor Hess told me that I was redeclaring the variable in my constructor. Finally, I think that 
	piazza was helpful for all the projects. I always post my questions that I have on there and I get a
	timely response. Specifically for this project, I asked a lot of questions about scope issues due to
	the interactions with classes.

